The diff app helped a lot to see the difference in the two files. It narrowed the search
down to the lines that had changed (in this case it was 3, compared to hundreds in
the whole file).
There was a bit of overhead in the start with some exta and cryptic lines, but as soon
as you get familiar with the syntax, it will be much easier du use diff than to
"scan" through a file manually

Q: How can having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
programmer in the long term?
A: When you know that you can easily revert back, it's easier to experiment and try new
things. Without version control old files and old code can be very messy. Structure here
will make it easier to focus (on code and problem solving etc.).

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
A: The cons of manual is bigger chance of loosing work due to computer crash. Auto will
most likely save more often. The pros are bigger control, no save at ilogical places
(unfinished code, wont compile etc.), and the possibility to add messages to commit
so you later on can see what the changes was for.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A: In coding it is more common to link to other files, and code can be dependent on 
other code in other files. When you write english it is not as common to interlink
files, and the need is therefore lower for text editors intended for non-code.

Q: How can you use commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A: This is pretty straight forward. Use git log to get hashes, and copy paste them to 
see the diff between two commits. If you are good at nameing and describing your
commits it will be easier to look for specific changes in the future.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A: Maybe I should incorporate it in making Quizzeroni? I will defineatley use it
when I will be making Android apps
